as innovative as the striker is the real
wave of the future can be found in the
US Armed Forces latest efforts to
develop hybrid powered combat vehicles
two extraordinary examples of this
endeavor are the shadow wrist V and the
a had 8x8 programs
the wrists fee for reconnaissance
surveillance and the targeting vehicle
was the first to utilize hybrid electric
drives and in hub motors
one requirement was to have a vehicle
which could be easily transported by the
v-22 Osprey
the wrist V's compact design and folding
suspension allows for just that it is
also designed to carry a payload of
three thousand pounds with a crew of six
as well as travel up to 70 miles per
hour
the advanced hybrid electric vehicle or
a head 8x8 goes even further in
exploring the possibilities of hybrid
design the key technologies include
magnetic motors installed in each wheel
hub
advanced pneumatic suspension an
innovative hybrid wheeled or tracked
steering
it's in hub motors provide the high
torque an exceptional range required for
the most severe military applications
while the compressed air suspension
allows for superior ride quality
cross-country mobility and height
control and the a has unique capability
of being able to switch between a
wheeled and tracked configuration give
it an extra degree of tactical mobility
the application of in hub electric
drives and hybrid power dramatically
alters the vehicle's overall design the
removal of conventional transmissions
bulky suspensions and drive trains
significantly increases the total
internal volume of the vehicle resulting
in greater space for payload and crew
the a head can carry a payload of eight
tons and has enough space to accommodate
up to 12 crewmen
together these new technologies and
designs promise to revolutionize the
future of combat vehicles